FlipaClip App Privacy PolicyLast modified: November 13th, 2018IntroductionVisual Blasters, LLC (“Visual Blasters,” “We” or “Us”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes:​The types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you purchase, download, install, register with, access, or use the FlipaClip Application (the “App”).Our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This policy applies only to information we collect in this App and, in email, text, and other electronic communications sent through or in connection with this App.This policy DOES NOT apply to information that:We collect offline or on any other Visual Blasters’ apps or websites, including websites you may access through this App.You provide to, or is collected by, any third party.Our websites and apps, and these third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them.Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not download, register with, or use this App. By downloading, registering with, or using this App, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this App after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. Children Under the Age of 13Our App is not intended for children under 13 years of age. Before you use the App you must verify your age.  We do not request, prompt, or encourage the submission of information from children under 13 years of age and any such features of our App will be disabled for users who represent that they are under 13 years of age.  Therefore, children under Age 13 may not be able to access and use all of the features of the App.We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this App or on or through any of its features/register on the App, make any purchases through the App, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this App or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us support@visualblasters.com.Information We Collect and How We Collect ItWe collect information from and about users of our App:Directly from you when you provide it to us.Automatically when you use the App. Information You Provide to Us  ​When you download, register with, or use this App, we may ask you to provide information:By which you may be personally identified, such as, but not limited to, name, age, gender, postal address, email address, or telephone number (“Personal Information”).That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as, but not limited to, IP address, user name, etc.This information includes: Information that you provide by filling in forms in the App. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the App, and posting material, and requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with the App.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and phone numbers), if you contact us.Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.Your search queries on the App.You may provide information to be published or displayed (“Posted”) on public areas of websites you access through the App (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are Posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.Automatic Information Collection and Tracking   When you download, access, and use the App, it may use technology to automatically collect:Usage Details. When you access and use the App, we may automatically collect certain details of your access to and use of the App, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on or through the App. Device Information. We may collect information about your mobile device and internet connection, including the device's unique device identifier, operating system, browser type, mobile network information, and the device's telephone number.Information Collection and Tracking Technologies The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include:Cookies (or mobile cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on your smartphone. It may be possible to refuse to accept mobile cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your smartphone. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our App. Web Beacons. Parts of the App and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Visual Blasters, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related app statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain app content and verifying system and server integrity).Third-Party Information CollectionWhen you use the App or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you or your device. These third parties may include: Advertisers, ad networks, and ad servers.Analytics companies.Your mobile device manufacturer.Your mobile service provider.These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this app. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services websites. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, to:Provide you with the App and its contents, and any other information, products or services that you request from us.Fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.Notify you when App updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide though it.Notify you when App updates are available, and of changes to any products or services we offer or provide though it.The usage information we collect helps us to improve our App and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to:Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our App according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you use the App.We use location information we collect to better understand our app usage demographics.We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box under the app settings for notifications and for emails opt-out option generally located at the end of the email.We may use the information we collect to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.Disclosure of Your InformationWe may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or device, without restriction. In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:​To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Visual Blasters’ assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Visual Blasters about our App users is among the assets transferred.To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to/not opted out of these disclosures.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent.To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including the App EULA, and for billing and collection.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Visual Blasters, our customers or others.   Your Choices About Our Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Your InformationWe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your information. Promotion by Visual Blasters. If you do not want us to use your email address to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can always opt-out directly from the opt-out link at the bottom of the email We send you. You can also always opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to support@visualblasters.com. We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. Accessing and Correcting Your Personal InformationYou can review and change your personal information by logging into the App and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at support@visualblasters.com to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.If you delete your User Contributions from the App, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other App users. Proper access and use of information provided on the App, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our App that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to  support@visualblasters.com or write to us at: 150 SE. 2nd Ave. Suite 500, Miami, FL 33131.Data SecurityWe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.​The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our App, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the App like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the App.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted through our App. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyWe may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changesContact Information​To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at support@visualblasters.com.