  Last Updated – 07th October, 2018
‘Kanishka Chakraborty’ (“I”, “me”, “my” or “mine”) operates all apps published under the ‘Kanishka_Developer’ name (including but not limited to ‘ALPHA – Artificial Intelligence’ and ‘SketchPad – Doodle On The Go’).
This page informs you of my policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use my Services.
I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
I use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service as well as to contact you. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in my Terms and Conditions, accessible at Kanishka_Developer. Information Collection And Use
While using my Service, I may ask you to provide me with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your phone number (“Personal Information“).
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your phone from an app and stored on your phone.
I use cookies to collect information. You can clear such information by clearing the data or cache of the app from the Application Settings of your phone. However, if you clear these, you may not be able to enjoy the full effect of the applications.
Service Providers
I may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate my Service, to provide the Service on my behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist me in analyzing how my Service is used.
These third parties may have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on my behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used by my apps: 

Google Play Services
Fabric
Crashlytics

Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to me, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While I strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Other Sites/Services
My Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by me. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit or app you install.
I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
While my Services do not generally address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children” or “Child”), in the case a particular app can be accessed by children below this age, this will be duly communicated in the content ratings of the app.
I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided me with Personal Information, please contact me. If I discover that a Child under 13 has provided me with Personal Information, I will try to delete such information from my servers at the earldiest. However, I cannot guarantee the deletion of data, since backups of data by me or by third parties involved in providing the Service may still remain.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
I may update my Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact me.  