 When you use “Beste Apps” Services, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. We hope you will take time to read it carefully. This policy applies to all “Beste Apps” Services unless the Service has an overriding policy. Personal information in this document means, but is not limited to: first name, last name, date of birth, phone number, contacts, messages, calendar and plain text device identifiers.
Personal Information
Since we DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products. We may use personal information submitted by you only for the following purposes: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service.
Non- Personal Information
We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data by installing, frequency of use, country, equipment and channel.
How We Use Information
The Information we get from your use of our services We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information). Beste Apps will not share that information with third parties.
Third Party services (Advertisements and Analytics)
We display advertisements in our free apps to fund the development process for current and future Services. The advertisements are provided by third party companies and they may use and collect anonymous data about the User’s interests to be able to select more relevant advertisements. This information may also include location data
and unique device identifier. No information is collected to allow third parties identifying you as a person.
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Click to see company privacy policies and opt-out choices: