Effective date: 1st January 2020 / Last reviewed: 1st January 2020At TopHatch, we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn how we treat your personal information. By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.Remember that your use of TopHatch Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.What this Privacy Policy CoversThis Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage.Sources of Personal DataWe collect Personal Data about you from:You:when you provide such information directly to us, andwhen Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services.Third parties, when they provide us with Personal Data about you (“Third Parties”). Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:Service providers. For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.Social networks connected to the services. If you provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign-in to the Services through a third-party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your Account with us.Categories of Personal Data We CollectThe following chart details the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have collected over the past twelve (12) months. Throughout this Privacy Policy, we will refer back to the categories of Personal Data listed in this chart (for example, “Category A. Personal identifiers”).Category of Personal DataPersonal Data CollectedSourceA.Personal identifiersExamples: Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number or other similar identifiers.Email address (optional)Name (optional)Unique personal identifierTelephone number (optional)YouB.Customer records identified by state law (including the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)))Examples: Name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number or any other financial information, medical information or health insurance information.Name (optional)Telephone number (optional)YouC.Protected classification characteristics under state or federal lawExamples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status or genetic information (including familial genetic information).We do not collect this category of Personal Data.D.Commercial informationExamples: Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.Purchase information is sent to us via billing partners (for example, Apple, Google) when you make a purchase of a feature of one of our applications via their store.AffiliatesE.Biometric informationExamples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics or identifying activity patterns, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health or exercise data.We do not collect this category of Personal Data.F.Internet or other similar network activity informationExamples: Browsing history, search history, or information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application or advertisement.Interaction with our applications to monitor application performance and stability. Optionally, you may provide details to us about the categories of your use for our applications when creating an account with us. For example, Architecture, Product Design etc.YouG.Geolocation dataExamples: Physical location or movements.We do not collect this category of Personal Data.H.Sensory dataExamples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information.We do not collect this category of Personal Data.I.Professional or employment related informationExamples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.We do not collect this category of Personal Data.J.Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99))Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information or student disciplinary records.We do not collect this category of Personal Data.K.Inferences drawn from other personal informationExamples: Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.We do not collect this category of Personal Data.L.Age or date of birthWe do not collect this category of Personal Data.M.Special categories of data under the EU General Data Protection RegulationPersonal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic data or biometric data processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; data concerning health; or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.We do not collect this category of Personal Data.N.Personal Data about children under the age of 16This includes any type of Personal Data that relates to someone under the age of 16.We do not knowingly collect this category of Personal Data; however, some users of the education version of our services may be children under the age of 16. With respect to users of the education version, we collect all of the foregoing categories information, but only as authorized by the applicable educational institution. See below section Personal Data of Children for more information about how we collect and treat children’s Personal Data.YouThe following sections provide additional information about how we collect your Personal Data.Information Collected AutomaticallyThe Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, to analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data– usually text files – placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device when you use that device to visit our Services.We use the following types of Cookies:Essential Cookies. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.Functional Cookies. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some Services and functionalities may not work.To explore what Cookie setting are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/ or https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.How We Use Your Personal DataWe process Personal Data to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Services. We use Personal Data for the following purposes:To meet or fulfill the reason you provided the information to us.To communicate with you about the Services, including Service announcements, updates or offers.To provide support and assistance for the Services.To create and manage your Account or other user profiles.To personalize website content and communications based on your preferences.To process orders or other transactions.To respond to user inquiries and fulfill user requests.To improve and develop the Services, including testing, research, analysis and product development.To protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions and maintain the safety, security and integrity of our Services.To comply with our legal or contractual obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Terms of Use.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.For any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, you can follow the unsubscribe link that is present in every email we send or indicate your preference by emailing us at concepts@tophatch.com.How We Share Your Personal DataDisclosures of Personal Data for a Business PurposeWe disclose your Personal Data to service providers and other parties for the following business purposes:Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Short-term, transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the current interaction.Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing marketing services, providing analytic services, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that we own, manufacture, was manufactured for us, or control.We disclose your Personal Data to the following categories of service providers and other parties:Service providers, including:Payment processorsSecurity and fraud prevention consultantsHosting and other technology and communications providersAnalytics providersStaff augmentation and contract personnelParties who acquire your Personal Data through an acquisition or other change of control.Personal Data may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part)Other parties at your direction.Other users (where you post information publicly or as otherwise necessary to effect a transaction initiated or authorized by you through the Services)Social media services (if you intentionally interact with them through your use of the Services)Third-party business partners who you access through the ServicesOther parties authorized by youOver the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of your Personal Data to service providers or other parties for the business purposes listed above:A. Personal identifiers.B. Customer records identified by state law.F. Internet or other similar network activity information.N. Personal Data about children under the age of 16 (if using the education version of our services)Sales of Personal DataWe have shared Personal Data with service providers over the last 12 months which did not constitute a sale under then-applicable law.We do not sell your Personal Data with a sale defined as-in the CCPA.Data Security and RetentionWe seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. The Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of [sensitive] Personal Data you provide to us.. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your accountWe retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you Services. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. Afterwards, we retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form but not in a way that would identify you personally.Personal Data of ChildrenAs noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Data from children under 16 except if a child is using the education version of our services as authorized by an applicable educational institution; if you are a child under 16, please do not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child under 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us Personal Data, please contact us at concepts@tophatch.com.The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under 13 other than persistent device identifiers that are used for the sole purpose of providing support for the internal operations of the Service, as defined in 16 C.F.R. 312.2. If you are a child under 13, you may use the Services, but please do not attempt to send us any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at concepts@tophatch.com.TopHatch is not an educational agency or institution as defined in 34 C.F.R. 99.3 and, therefore, is not subject to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”).California Resident RightsIf you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in this section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us by email at concepts@tophatch.com.AccessYou have the right to request certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. We will provide you with the following information:The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Data.The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Data.The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.If we have disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each category of third party recipient.DeletionYou have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have collected from you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your Personal Data to provide you with the Services or complete a transaction or other action you have requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny your deletion request.Exercising Your RightsTo exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1) provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account to submit a Valid Request.We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and explain that decision before completing your request.You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPAWe will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may have different tiers of Services as allowed by applicable data protection laws (including the CCPA) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive from you.Nevada Resident RightsIf you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.European Union Data Subject RightsEU ResidentsIf you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) with respect to your Personal Data, as outlined below.For this section, we use the terms “Personal Data” and “processing” as they are defined in the GDPR, but “Personal Data” generally means information that can be used to individually identify a person, and “processing” generally covers actions that can be performed in connection with data such as collection, use, storage and disclosure. Company will be the controller of your Personal Data processed in connection with the Services.If there are any conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy, the policy or portion that is more protective of Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you, please contact us at concepts@tophatch.com.Personal Data We CollectThe “Categories of Personal Data We Collect” section above details the Personal Data that we collect from you.Personal Data Use and Processing GroundsThe “How We Use Your Personal Data” section above explains how we use your Personal Data.We will only process your Personal Data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. Lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others, as further described below.Contractual Necessity: We process the following categories of Personal Data as a matter of “contractual necessity”, meaning that we need to process the data to perform under our Terms of Service with you, which enables us to provide you with the Services. When we process data due to contractual necessity, failure to provide such Personal Data will result in your inability to use some or all portions of the Services that require such data.A. Personal identifiers.B. Customer records identified by state law.F. Internet or other similar network activity information.N. Personal Data about children under the age of 16 (when authorized by an applicable educational institution).Legitimate Interest: We process the following categories of Personal Data when we believe it furthers the legitimate interest of us or third parties.A. Personal identifiers.B. Customer records identified by state law.F. Internet or other similar network activity information.N. Personal Data about children under the age of 16 (when authorized by an applicable educational institution).Examples of these legitimate interests include:Operation and improvement of our business, products and servicesMarketing of our products and servicesProvision of customer supportProtection from fraud or security threatsCompliance with legal obligationsCompletion of corporate transactionsConsent: In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.Other Processing Grounds: From time to time we may also need to process Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, if it is necessary to protect the vital interests of you or other data subjects, or if it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest.Sharing Personal DataThe “How We Share Your Personal Data” section above details how we share your Personal Data with third parties.EU Data Subject RightsIf you are an EU Data Subject, you have certain rights with respect to your Personal Data, including those set forth below. For more information about these rights, or to submit a request, please email concepts@tophatch.com. Please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your request, such as if it is frivolous or extremely impractical, if it jeopardizes the rights of others, or if it is not required by law, but in those circumstances, we will still respond to notify you of such a decision. In some cases, we may also need to you to provide us with additional information, which may include Personal Data, if necessary to verify your identity and the nature of your request.Access: You can request more information about the Personal Data we hold about you and request a copy of such Personal Data. You can also access certain of your Personal Data by emailing concepts@tophatch.com.Rectification: If you believe that any Personal Data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. You can also correct some of this information directly by via your account page in our applications.Erasure: You can request that we erase some or all of your Personal Data from our systems.Withdrawal of Consent: If we are processing your Personal Data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your Personal Data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our Services.Portability: You can ask for a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format. You can also request that we transmit the data to another controller where technically feasible.Objection: You can contact us to let us know that you object to the further use or disclosure of your Personal Data for certain purposes, such as for direct marketing purposes.Restriction of Processing: You can ask us to restrict further processing of your Personal Data.Right to File Complaint: You have the right to lodge a complaint about Company’s practices with respect to your Personal Data with the supervisory authority of your country or EU Member State.Transfers of Personal DataThe Services are hosted and operated in the United States (“U.S.”) through Company and its service providers, and if you do not reside in the U.S., laws in the U.S. may differ from the laws where you reside. By using the Services, you acknowledge that any Personal Data about you, regardless of whether provided by you or obtained from a third party, is being provided to Company in the U.S. and will be hosted on U.S. servers, and you authorize Company to transfer, store and process your information to and in the U.S., and possibly other countries. You hereby consent to the transfer of your data to the U.S. pursuant to EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, respectively, the details of which are further set forth below.TopHatch, Inc. has certified to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection and use of Personal Data transferred from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S., respectively. For more information about the Privacy Shield Program, and to view Company’s certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov. Company is committed to the Privacy Shield Principles of (1) notice, (2) consent, (3) accountability for onward transfer, (4) security, (5) data integrity and purpose limitation, (6) access and (7) recourse, enforcement and liability with respect to all Personal Data received from within the EU [and Switzerland] in reliance on the Privacy Shield. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. The Privacy Shield Principles require that we remain potentially liable if any third party processing Personal Data on our behalf fails to comply with these Privacy Shield Principles (except to the extent we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage). Company’s compliance with the Privacy Shield is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.Please contact us at concepts@tophatch.com with any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield Certification. [If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your Privacy Shield-related complaint from us, or if we have not resolved your complaint,] you may also resolve a Privacy Shield-related complaint through JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. You can visit https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim for more information or to file a complaint, at no cost to you. Under certain conditions, you may also be entitled to invoke binding arbitration for complaints not resolved by other means.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the https://concepts.app website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.Contact Information:If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at: