Tattoo Maker Privacy PolicyLast modified on June 22, 2019.Please read carefully this Privacy Policy. By Accessing or Using the applications/services, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described herein and all these Terms & Conditions incorporated by reference. If you DO NOT agree to all of these Terms & Conditions below, you MAY NOT use these applications & Services.A. Information We Collect Personal InformationPersonal Information is the type of information that specifically identifies or contacts a person such as your full name or email address. We may collect personally identification information whenever Users enter into our apps, fill out the form, to use our services, features or resources in our app. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law: 1) Your prior permission 2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests 3) By requests from public and governmental authorities 4) To protect our legal rights and interestsNon Personal InformationNon-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your install, uninstall, Android ID, phone IMEI number, phone model etc.We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. 1) To have a better understanding in user’s behavior. 2) Solve problems in products and services.  3) Improve our products, services and advertising.We may collect non-personal information such as the data of install, frequency of use, country and channel. Information we get by using our servicesWe may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you view and interact with our content. We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, os version, and unique device identifiers). We will not share that information with any third parties.Location information When you use a location-enabled service of our application, we may collect and process information about your actual location through GPS signals sent by a mobile device or Wifi in order to obtain your location for the purposes of providing our Service. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.Unique application numbers Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type) may be sent to us when you install or uninstall that app/service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.What do we use your information for?Any general information we may collect from you may be used in one of the following ways. To personalize your experience, your information helps us to better respond to your individual need.1) To improve our app.2) To provide best Services to users.3) To improve customer serviceYour information will not be made available to anyone. Your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other third party for any reason without your consent.How do we use your information?android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE Some of our applications may use this permission to access information about networks. In our apps we will just give you information about the network, such as whether you are connected to a network or not. We don’t collect and share information to others.android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE and android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE:Some of our applications may use these permissions to access Media files form USB storage. We don’t collect, store or share information.android.permission.INTERNET:Some of our applications may use this permission to open network sockets. In our apps we are using INTERNET permission to use the internet only. We don’t collect or transfer network information.android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATESome of our applications may use this permission to access information about Wi-Fi networks. We don’t collect or share any information about Wi-Fi.CHANGE_WIFI_STATESome of our applications may use this permission to change Wi-Fi connectivity state (WIFI ON / WIFI OFF) when you request.android.permission.CAMERAandroid.hardware.cameraandroid.hardware.camera.autofocusSome of our applications may use this permission to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash, when you request. We do not save or upload your photos/videos.FLASHLIGHTSome of our applications may use this permission to turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We use this permission for taking photos, flashlight on alert services or flashlight on clap services.B. Ad Networks & Cross Promotion AdsWe welcome the third parties ad networks for accepting advertisements (banners, interstitials and video ads etc...). In our apps and games, these advertisements authorized to be displayed. Advertisers may use cookies and other web-tracking technologies to collect data, in case that user clicks on any of these advertisements.We promote our own games, apps and services in different types of ways. That might include cross promoting one of our games or app while you are playing our different apps/games.We display ads to cross promote apps and games, developed by us. We do not gather or share any of your personal identification information to display our ads.C. Push NotificationsWe may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications and games for app or game updates, high scores, new graphics and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. D. Kids Privacy PolicyThis Kids Privacy Policy has to be specified to indicate you, with guidance regarding our privacy policies with respect to collecting, using and disclosing personal information, regarding the legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 years old.Many of our Games/Apps are intended for general audiences, and we do not knowingly gather or use any Personal Information from children and kids under the age of 13. When users are identified as under 13, we will block such users from providing Personal Information or make sure to get prior parental consent before collecting Personal Information.If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you think your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at crismorgan162@gmail.comE. Content SharingYou understand and agree that all Content that you have to be sent using our Services/Apps (For example data, sound, photographs, graphics or video), whether publicly posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent the Content. This means that you, not us, are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available through our Services/Apps.F. SafeguardsWe stores Personal information collected by us in secure operating environments that are not obtainable to the public and that are only accessible by authorized employees. We should also provide security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.G. Changes to our Privacy PolicyWe may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page.