 This privacy policy governs your use of Floor Plan Creator, a software application on a mobile device and floorplancreator.net website. Who is processing your data (controllers)? What data is processed and why? I collect the minimum possible amount of data needed to run the service. Personal information:  E-mail. Used to: authenticate you to the service and reply to your messages sent via contact form. Providing e-mail is optional. Without it your floor plans will be stored locally on your device. Subsciption plans on floorplancreator.net are sold by Paddle.com. During checkout process Paddle collects your name, location, contact details, and billing information. Paddle shares your e-mail and country with me to let me fulfil your purchase. You can find more information here: paddle.com/privacy-end-user.  Non personally identifiable information:  Anonymized IP address (last octet cleared) is stored in the service to monitor and prevent abuse. Cookies on floorplancreator.net and anonymous device identifiers in Floor Plan Creator on android:  Anonymous cookie to recognize that you are logged in (without it you would have to log-in again on every page load). I use Google Analytics to monitor application usage, performance and crashes. IP anonymization is enabled and advanced Analytics features (Demographics, Intersts collection and Remarketting) are disabled. No personal information is shared with Google. Google Analytics needs to store anonymous cookie with random number in your browser (or android device) to be able to understand if you are new or returning user. This cookie is kept in your browser (or mobile device) and is not shared with anyone. Floor Plan Creator is supported via advertising and uses Google AdMob to display ads. For EU users Floor Plan Creator shows non-personalized ads only. These ads do not use cookies for ad personalisation, but they do use cookies to allow for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting, and to combat fraud and abuse.    With whom I will share your data?  Your e-mail and IP address are shared with server hosting service: Unix Storm – Michał Gottlieb. Analytics cookies are used by Google and Paddle. Ads cookies are used by Google.  How data is your protected? Server communication is using encrypted SSL connection. Your data it stored in a secure hosting location, with strict access control and monitoring. How long data is stored?  Your e-mail will be stored in the service until you decide to delete your account. Server logs with IP address are deleted after a day. Analytics cookies are automatically deleted after 14 months.  Your rights You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that I hold. Email your request to support@floorplancreator.net Last Edited on 2018-05-25
