  Bytestorm Software built the ArtFlow (the "App" or "Application") as a freemium app. This Application is provided by Bytestorm Software at no cost (however some features may require one time, non-recurring, non-obligatory payment) and is intended for use as is.  This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Application.  If you choose to use our Application, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Application. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  Information Collection and Use For a better experience, while using our Application, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.  The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.  This Application does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Application.  Service Providers  We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Application; To perform Application-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Application is used.  We want to inform users of this Application that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  Security  We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Children’s Privacy Thise Application do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.  Changes to This Privacy Policy  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.  Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact at info@artflowstudio.com us.  