  The following statement describes the overall company practices of fluct, inc. (herein after refered to as "fluct"), including advertising on our network of websites, as well as across other internal sites, and products and services that are offered by fluct.
  "Personal Information" means the information about a living individual, which contains the name, the date of birth and/or any other descriptions by which a specific individual can be identified (including information that can be easily collated with other information so that a specific individual can be identified).
  We will comply with all applicable laws and regulations concerning privacy protection in handling your Personal Information.
  fluct collects Personal Information withing the limit necessary for providing fluct's survices. fluct will inform the purpose for collecting Personal Information beforehand. The collection comply with applicable laws. fluct will manage not to collect Personal Information for individuals under 15 years old without prior consent from the person with paternal authority.
  fluct will use individual information for the predicted purpose. fluct will not use individual information for the porpose not allowed by applicable laws and will take appropriate measures for it.
  fluct provides training and educational opportunities for its executives and employees and endeavors to foster a spirit of compliance with this Privacy Policy and the fluct's handling of Personal Information.
  Fluct and it's partners may provide behavior targeting advertisement using cookies and Advertising Identifier（IDFA,Google Advertising ID）. For details, please refer to the Privacy Policy for Internet Advertising
  In the event that fluct delegates all or a portion of the handling process of Personal Information, fluct will sign non-disclosure agreement with sub-contractors and take necessary and appropriate measures to keep the data security at the sub-contractors'. 
  In the event that the Information Provider contacts fluct and requests the correction and/or deletion of Personal Information for the reason that the information is unture, fluct, after confirming that the request was made by the Information Provider, will attempt to comply with the request to the extent possible and as soon as reasonably practicable.
  fluct continually endeavors to review and improve its policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information, and fluct may change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that the changes are in important parts, the changes are informed comprihensively on fluct's website.
  fluct will use the Personal Information collected via web forms or written documents for the purpose written in on the web pages/documents. fluct will use the Personal Information collected from other than web forms or written documents for the following purposes: a. customer's information providing fluct's services, announcements and information, providing information to certain demographic, developping new service or product, improvement of services, producing statistic data, b. Information collected in sales activity 　sales activity, credit management, contacts for business c. shareholder's information contacts for business d. employee's infomation HR managements, contacts for business e. applicant's information recruiting activity of fluct and affiliates, contact to the applicant,
 