This Privacy Policy explains how your personal data is collected and processed by Udenity (“us”, “we”, or “our”) when you use any mobile application ("app", "game") published by "Udenity" developer in Google Play store. Full list of our apps presented at https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Udenity.By downloading or using our applications, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish us to collect and use your data in the way described in this Privacy Policy, you should stop using our applications.We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access our apps to stay informed about how we process your personal data and how you can protect your privacy.Collection of informationWe do not collect any Personal Information from and about you, which is the type of information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number, photograph, precise geolocation information, credit card information and user names.Google AdMob, the advertising network company in order to serve contextual advertisements. We share your advertising ID to advertising network company for the purpose of them serving behavioral advertisements (targeted ads) to you within the app. Please see Google AdMob's Privacy Policy located at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/. If you are from EEA we share your advertising ID if you have given your consent only, in accordance with the GDPR. To revoke this consent you should uninstall the app from your device. To opt out from Google Ads Personalization please visit following link https://www.google.com/settings/ads. Google Analytics for Firebase, the service we use to collect and analyze statistics. We disclose your Non-personal Information only, including data about how you use the app. Please see located at https://firebase.google.com/terms/analytics.Firebase Crashlytics, the service we use to helps us track, prioritize, and fix stability issues that erode an app quality. Please see located at https://firebase.google.com/terms/crashlytics.All services provided by Google follow the privacy policy located at https://policies.google.com/privacy.The recipients' use of the disclosed information will not be covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions concerning the processing carried out by such third parties, you should review their privacy policy.We are not responsible for the privacy practices, safety, and the content of these websites, services, and/or applications.We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect personal information on children under the age of 13. When a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user. The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Udenity has the following contact information: E-mail: serge.udenko.dev@gmail.com