This Privacy Policy ("Policy") is designed to inform users of the Magic Poser service, which includes all elements of the Magic Poser platform, along with our proprietary 3D character and animation creation technology and software (referred to collectively as the "Services"), about how Wombat Studio, Inc. ("Wombat Studio," "we" or "us") gathers and uses personal data in connection with the Services.In this Policy, "user" or "you" means any person using or otherwise benefiting from the Services or otherwise submitting personal data to us via the Services.  BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS PRIVACY POLICY. What Information Do We Collect? Limited personal data: We collect the following categories of personal data in connection with the Services:  User Account information: If you register as a Magic Poser user, we will collect the personal data you submit to us to build your user profile, including but not limited to your user name and email address. We also collect information regarding your activities on the Services, as well as any 3D models, scenes, images, and related content, comments and other information you upload. To the extent that such information is linked specifically to you, we will treat it as your personal data.Your Communications with Us: If you communicate with us by email, for instance to request information about our Services or to request customer or technical support, we will collect your email address, along with any information you communicate to us. Tracking Information: We, along with our third-party service providers, may use web and mobile tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, or mobile analytics SDK in order to operate the Services efficiently and to collect data related to usage of the Services. Such collected data ("Tracking Information") may include the address of the websites you visited before and after you visited the Service, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, what pages in the Services you visit and what links you clicked on, user preferences, and whether you opened email communications we send to you.Information from Other Sources: We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your user name, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to us, and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.Apart from the limited personal data described above, we do not collect and do not wish to receive any personally identifying information. Without limitation, you shall not submit to us any social security number, financial account number, credit or debit card number, passport or driver's license number or government ID number.How Do We Use the Information We Collect? Personal data: We use your personal data to provide you with our Services, and for our operational, product development, and administrative purposes in connection with provision of those Services to you. We use your email address to communicate with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes. Web and Mobile Tracking Information: We use Web and Mobile Tracking Information to administer the Services and to understand how well our Services are working, to store your user preferences, and to develop statistical information on usage of the Services. This helps us improve our Services, personalize your user experience, and to measure overall effectiveness. We do not correlate Web and Mobile Tracking Information to individual user personal data, except for internal operational, product development, and administrative purposes of the Services. Some Web and Mobile Tracking Information may include data, such as IP address data, that is unique to you. You may be able to modify your browser settings to alter which web tracking technologies are permitted when you use the Service, but this may affect the performance of the Services. Aggregate Information: We will also create statistical, aggregated data relating to our users and the Services for analytical purposes ("Aggregate Information"). Aggregate Information is derived from personal data but in its aggregated form it does not relate to or identify any individual. This data may be used to understand our customer base and to develop, improve and market the Services and Wombat Studio's other products or services. Third Party Websites, Social Media Platforms
: The Services may contain links to other websites, and other websites may reference or link to our website or other Services. These other websites are not controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those apps and websites, and we encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.Our Services may include publicly accessible blogs, forums, social media pages, and private messaging features. By using such Services, you assume the risk that the personal data provided by you may be viewed and used by external parties for any number of purposes.What Information Do We Disclose to Third Parties? Personal data and User Data: We may disclose your personal data under the following circumstances:to third party contractors engaged to provide services on our behalf ("Contractors"), such as performing marketing, analyzing data and usage of the Services, hosting and operating the Services or providing support and maintenance services for the Services, or providing customer service. We enter into agreements with all Contractors that require Contractors to use the personal data they receive only to perform services for us; orwhen we have your consent to share the information. Web and Mobile Tracking Information: We disclose Web and Mobile Tracking Information to Contractors, in order to analyze the performance of the Services and the behavior of users, and to operate and improve the Service. Aggregate Information: We may disclose aggregated data that does not contain personal data to any third parties, such as media outlets, potential customers, business partners, and funding sources, in order to describe our business and operations or for any other purpose.Legal Exception: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property. However, nothing in this Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have with respect to a third party's, including a government's, request to disclose your information. Business Transfers: In the event that Wombat Studio is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction as permitted by law and/or contract.Privacy Settings/Opt OutIf you wish to modify any of your user profile information, remove your email from our promotional mailing list, or cancel your account, you may contact our support team at privacy@thewombatstudio.com. Where you have consented to the processing of your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time and prevent further processing by contacting us via the email address above. In accordance with applicable law, you may also have the right to: request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal data; obtain access to or a copy of your personal data; receive an electronic copy of your personal data or ask us to send that information to another company;restrict our uses of your personal data, including the right to opt in or opt out of the sale of your personal data to third parties, depending on applicable law; seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal data; and request erasure of personal data held about you, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth above. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.“Do Not Track”Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.Data RetentionWe store the personal data we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.SecurityWe use reasonable security precautions to protect the security and integrity of your personal data in accordance with this policy and applicable law. However, no Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that security breaches will not occur. Without limitation of the foregoing, we are not responsible for the actions of hackers and other unauthorized third parties that breach our reasonable security procedures.AmendmentsWe may revise this Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Policy will govern our use of your information and will always be located at https://magicposer.com?goto=privacy-policy. If we make a material change to this Policy, we will notify you via the Services or via email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Service after those changes become effective, you signal you agree with the changes.ChildrenWe require users to be above the minimum age in their respective territory in order to create an account on our Services. Our Services do not knowingly collect personal data from children, other than as necessary to support our Services’ internal operations as permitted by applicable law. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to review information collected from your child, or have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us at support@thewombatstudio.com. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal data, we will delete any personal data we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account.Service TerritoryWombat Studio is located in the United States and is subject to the applicable state and federal laws. If you choose to access or use the Services, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this Policy and subject to such laws. If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal data violates applicable law.Contact UsIf you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this policy, please contact us at:Wombat Studiosprivacy@thewombatstudio.comsupport@thewombatstudio.com